I want this hahaha
Does Dad miss Dad?
I want to accompany you more in the future, okay?
Well, Mommy, I finally have a dad.
Xiaoxi
I'll take you somewhere tomorrow
Where?
Promise me confidentiality, okay?
Mommy, just go with daddy
Anyway, I have a nurse sister here with me
I'm gonna be okay
But your body
I'll be sad if you don't go
It will take me a long time to recover.
Well, since Qingqing wants her mother to go
Then I promise you.
What?
Impossible. How could our family go bankrupt?
You must have lied to me.
Ji Yanxi
If you hadn't come back with that sword seed
How did you end up here?
You wait, I'll let you and that sword seed
Dead without a burial